We have created a website containing a visualization (a map) and a visualization that still requires more work. For the visualization, we have created a US map showing the percentage of patients who are tested positive for Covid among the population of the state. We used color saturation as our encoding to present differences in percentage. For interaction, We have created a time bar that the user can drag to see the change in percentage of patients who are tested positive for Covid from 2021 to 2023. Also, when users hover over each state on the map,  they can see a tab appearing on the map showing a pie chart containing the percentage of death, tested positive among the total population at a certain time that the user previously dragged to. The number of deaths tested positive are also shown in the tab below the pie chart. 

The implementation of the interaction is the hardest part of our project and we are still struggling to make the pie chart work as we attended to. It’s hard because it contains several different interactions that require various dataset, and different D3 and json packages. We have only previously implemented individual interaction in our previous attempt, making problems like compatibility between packages challenging for us. For example, we are still trying to figure out how to have a pie chart showing the right percentage while keeping the count on the tab. Furthermore, the interaction that we are going to implement for the final version will also be challenging as it requires results from our exploratory analysis on the correlation between death rate and bed count in different states. This interaction requires the correlation we get from our analysis to be accurate while ensuring the operation to be smooth. 
